Of course there are days
which I feel so fat or
not so good i live in the body
but that does not mean that I am
starving me in the direction of size zero
I would not
size zero is a really dangerous one
He always meets in recent years
Unfortunately, it has become bigger and I think
anything but good looking for who
actually only wants skin and hair
see
Let's go!
yes why not just skin and
bring bones and more combative
So health damage to everyone
fall stop growth weakness it
Can do up to the right damage to the
lead people and he has her well
somehow the fun was completely on
dangerous as what find what essential
have namely that more than 50 percent
Young girl too fat am I
Me too, but if you go to now
example before, yes a bit
just lose weight
But you just do not score against that is real
totally awful so last is
at jo jo effect completely fortuna and
under a little bit thicker than ever
at christa everything was on top of it
right recipe is healthy diet
just forced out of easy measure and
on top of that sport and important you know
fun makes it should be fun there completely
just write in the
Comments on what makes your body the most beautiful
single I'm your hair protects from
and I your ears so if that's you
Video is about let's just one
thumbs up
and who subscribe to us only completely
Of course you will find many more information
as always on bravo.de and we do
a few more now
compliments
then 16 Julia went to visit and
if I could stay true to sabrina
you with us in the fight against the clock
Receive it right away
accumulate hello at her sexy julia
and how the whole thing went out of her
alien to him as video so it was